Add documentation for Tenant support with the Kubernetes agent (#2343)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/kubernetes/kubernetes-agent/index.md

A successful health check indicates that deployments can successfully be executed.
:::

## Configuration the agent with Tenants

While the wizard doesn't support selecting Tenants or Tenant tags, the agent can be configured for tenanted deployments in two ways:

1. Use the Deployment Target settings UI at **Infrastructure ➜ Deployment Targets ➜ [DEPLOYMENT TARGET] ➜ Settings** to add a Tenant and set the Tenanted Deployment Participation as required.

:::figure
![Kubernetes Agent ](/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/kubernetes/kubernetes-agent/kubernetes-agent-settings-page-tenants.png)
:::

> 2. Set additional variables in the helm command to allow the agent to register itself with associated Tenants or TenantTags. You also need to provider a value for the `TenantedDeploymentParticipation` value. Possible values are `Untenanted` (default), `Tenanted`, and `TenantedOrUntenanted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set additional variables in the helm command to allow the agent to register itself with associated Tenants or Tenant tags. You also need to provider a value for the `TenantedDeploymentParticipation` value. Possible values are `Untenanted` (default), `Tenanted`, and `TenantedOrUntenanted`.
```
